Mention NPM workspaces in readme (#544)
bmish/check-dependency-version-consistency: README.md

[![npm version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![CI][ci-image]][ci-url]

> This CLI tool enforces the following aspects of consistency across a monorepo / NPM/Yarn workspace:

Reviewer: How about?

```suggestion
This CLI tool enforces the following aspects of consistency across a monorepo with npm or Yarn workspaces:
```

`A / B/C` reads a bit odd, as if it is a typo. Also npm is canonically written lower case: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Npm_(software)

Author: Good suggestion!
